To use this bookmarklet: 
1. Copy the code and create a bookmark in your browser with it as the URL. Your browser may require you to edit an existing bookmark to paste in a custom URL.
2. Go to your when2meet URL
3. Click the bookmark you made

Alternatively, you can paste the code into your browsers console while you are on the when2meet page.

CSV data is generated by mapping the AvailableAtSlot array to a new array nameAtSlot that maps the IDs to the actual names, then maps the TimeOfSlot array to a new array timedNames where each entry is a tuple of the formatted time string and the corresponding availability data for that time.

A string is built in CSV format, with the row headers being "Time" followed by the names of all people. For each row the formatted time string is added and the corresponding availability data, represented as 1s and 0s (1 for available, 0 for unavailable). This is encoded as a URI and opened in a new window, which should automatically download the CSV file.

Some issues can occur if you have a popup blocker active, just disable it temporarily and it should work fine.

Copyright (c) 2023 Benjamin Guirakhoo

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
